but the local people loved them and they
were an important source not only of
nutriment but income the trouble was
that the human population was growing so
fast that the turtle eggs were being
collected in huge numbers and turtles
worldwide were in decline
in the decades that followed the
Malaysian government stepped in to save
their Turtles
harvesting the eggs was banned and
hatchery established on selling Ghana
Island which people visit to see what's
going on during the breeding season the
eggs are collected from the beach and
reburied in the hatchery each cuts being
kept together inside its own little
fence
but it's only after dark that the adult
turtles reveal themselves crawling out
of the sea and laying their eggs to the
delight of the onlookers the visitors
pay good money for the privilege of
washing the turtles at close quarters
and that gives an income to the local
people once the eggs hatch the
youngsters are collected and taken down
to the shore
millions of baby turtles have now been
released under this conservation program
and as a consequence the population of
adult green turtles here is now
increasing